NMS-13707: Added docs for Flow Thresholding (#4156)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/flows/data-collection.adoc

[[ga-flow-support-data-collection]]
= Data collection of flow applications

Flows are categorized in applications using the <<flows/classification-engine.adoc#ga-flow-support-classification-engine, Classification Engine>>.
OpenNMS supports summing up the bytesIn/bytesOut data of flow records based on these flow applications and the collection of this data.

> This lets a user profile network traffic and also graph this data.

Author: done.

== Configure data collection

To enable data collection for flows you need to enable the `applicationDataCollection` flag in the adapter's definition.

> Furthermore, you have to ensure that a valid package definition exists inside the adapter's definition.

Author: done.

[[ga-flow-support-data-collection]]

> = Data-collection of Flow applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Data collection of flow applications
```

Flows are categorized in applications using the <<flows/classification-engine.adoc#ga-flow-support-classification-engine, Classification Engine>>.

> OpenNMS supports to sum up bytesIn/bytesOut data of flow records based on these Flow applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenNMS supports summing up the bytesIn/bytesOut data of flow records based on these flow applications and the collection of this data.
```

> OpenNMS supports the data-collection of this data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This enables a user to profile traffic in a network and to also graph this data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This lets a user profile network traffic and also graph this data.
```

> == Configure data-collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configure data collection
```

> In order to enable data-collection for Flows you need to enable the flag `applicationDataCollection` in the adapter's definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable data collection for flows you need to enable the `applicationDataCollection` flag in the adapter's definition.
```

> Furthermore you have to assure that a valid package definition exists inside the adapter's definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, you have to ensure that a valid package definition exists inside the adapter's definition.
```

> .Example of enabling data-collection for the NetFlow v9 adapter in telemetryd-configuration.xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example of enabling data collection for the NetFlow v9 adapter in telemetryd-configuration.xml
```

Flows are categorized in applications using the <<flows/classification-engine.adoc#ga-flow-support-classification-engine, Classification Engine>>.
OpenNMS supports summing up the bytesIn/bytesOut data of flow records based on these flow applications and the collection of this data.
It gives you the possibility of profiling the network throughput by an application.

NOTE: The flow classification engine include a so-called `pre-defined group`, which defines over 6200 applications for basic communication protocols. If you don't want to collect this kind of data you can disable this predefined set of rules in the `Settings` tab on the `Flow Classification` configuration page.

== Configure data collection

To enable data collection for flows you need to enable the `applicationDataCollection` flag in the adapter's definition.
Furthermore, you have to ensure that a valid package definition exists inside the adapter's definition.
This may not be necessary when using Newts- or Cortex-based storage.

> Please note, that data collection on flow applications also works without enabling thresholding on flow applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that data collection on flow applications also works without enabling thresholding on flow applications.
```
